1581086 update image filenames part two 10-04 (#14970)
dotnet/docs: docs/architecture/microservices/microservice-ddd-cqrs-patterns/ddd-oriented-microservice.md

Thus, your layers or class libraries and projects should ultimately depend on your domain model layer (library), not vice versa, as shown in Figure 7-7.

![Diagram showing dependencies that exist between DDD service layers.](./media/ddd-oriented-microservice/ddd-service-layer-dependencies.png)

**Figure 7-7**. Dependencies between layers in DDD

> TDependencies in a DDD Service, the Application layer depends on Domain and Infrastructure, and Infrastructure depends on Domain, but Domain doesn't depend on any layer. his layer design should be independent for each microservice. As noted earlier, you can implement the most complex microservices following DDD patterns, while implementing simpler data-driven microservices (simple CRUD in a single layer) in a simpler way.

Reviewer: Minor  typo.

```suggestion
Dependencies in a DDD Service, the Application layer depends on Domain and Infrastructure, and Infrastructure depends on Domain, but Domain doesn't depend on any layer. This layer design should be independent for each microservice. As noted earlier, you can implement the most complex microservices following DDD patterns, while implementing simpler data-driven microservices (simple CRUD in a single layer) in a simpler way.
```
